
MOAIS-HV

Steps
1.- Initialize population

- 1.a. Fill Q with random individuals. Fixed size n.
		Random individuals are generated by randomly selecting ``route_length`` nodes without repetion and self-loops.
		No feasibility contrains is apllied in this phase, so feasible and unfeasible solutions are generated regardless.
- 1.b. Initialize antibodies Ab empty of fixed size n.

- 1.c. Initialize antigens Ag empty of fixed size n and store the best individuals found so far.

- 1.d. Initialize pool set P of size 2n. This pool is used to the clone process.


2.- Evaluate individuals in Q

- 2.a. Evaluate feasibility and objective values. This step is performed doing a connectivity check against the time matrix. If the nodes are not connected the route is infeasible, and feasible otherwise.

- 2.b. Perform a fast non-dominant ranking. In this step each objective function fg is applied over each individual. The operator cost is the sum of the time between nodes according to the given route.
			 
3.- Split population Q in two sets.

- 3.a. Antigens will be the feasible and non-dominated individuals.

- 3.b. Antibodies will be the non-feasible and non-dominated individuals, the feasible and dominated individuals and the unfeasible and dominated individuals.


4.- Define affinities of Antibodies and Antigens

- 4.a. For each antibody, select randomly one antigen in Ag. The affinity value of an
		antibody Ab is defined by its euclidean distance to the selected antigen Ag.

- 4.b. For each antigen, the affinity is based on its hypervolume contribution.

5.- Perfom clonal selection

6.- Perfom mutation

- 6.a. Change mutation: In this mutation a node member of a route is randlomly changed to another node that doesn't belong to the actual route.
- 6.b. Resize mutation: 